[mkdocs] docs: add query balance tutorial (#1751)
symbol/symbol: mkdocs/pages/en/devbook/transactions/monitoring-status.md

## Prerequisites

> This tutorial uses the Symbol REST API without requiring an SDK.

Author: Edited to match the new tutorial.

{{ tutorial.code_full('devbook/transactions/monitoring-status', ['py', 'js']) }}

The snippet uses the `NODE_URL` environment variable to configure the Symbol API node.

> If no value is provided, it defaults to `https://001-sai-dual.symboltest.net:3001`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The snippet uses the `NODE_URL` environment variable to set the Symbol API node.
If no value is provided, a default one is used.
```
